dear insert name of Creator here after
years of making blah blah blah mini
saber Gen 2 funding the creation of real
lightsabers come on you can't even write
me a real letter James after we collabed
two times in all seriousness though I am
a daily driver yes literal daily user of
the original hacksmith Mini saer which
was a little blowtorch style lighter
that was designed to look like whatever
they could find to Rebrand off Valle
Express but the Gen 2 is different this
one they've done their own ID for that
is industrial design and I haven't
actually seen it in person yet this
looks pretty cool they've made some
tweaks to the ignition mechanism which
is still pazo electric but has been
repositioned to help it fire more
consistently they have improved the
ergonomics I believe this is the dial
for adjusting the flame height and they
have vastly increased the fuel capacity
I think they said by three times so it
can run for a solid 15 minutes at Full
Tilt they've also added the ability and
I have no idea how to do this yet but
I'm sure we'll figure it out to put
these little salt crystals in it to
change the color of the flame oh wow
that is
a that is a lot of packaging for uh too
many Sabers in a thing okay well anyway
the point is I'm not actually mad thank
you James and team for sending over this
care package and I am super excited to
try this thing out paint job leaves a
fair bit to be desired look just because
we're friends doesn't mean that I'm not
going to critique the product this is
not the world's greatest paint job if it
fixes my issues with the old one which
mainly are down to inconsistency of
ignition um inconsistency when you're
running it upside down which I know is a
real challenge with these style lighters
and also limited fuel capacity then
honestly I'll be pretty
stoked oo color changing insert how many
do you get in a pack oh wow you get you
get a whack of them then you just hook
that on there and it's grade 10 science
class all over again you put the little
metal in the flame and then you get a
color how much do these cost $15 15
bucks a
pack okay how long does each one last
one to 2 minutes good gravy cool party
trick but uh maybe not the kind of thing
that I would just keep buying every time
I want every time I want to you know see
a cool color or whatever I mean I don't
know you compare it to like what
fireworks cost I guess it's not that
unbelievable should we go try it see if
we can burn some stuff are we burning
stuff is that the idea all right let's
do it I guess step one before I cook
this hot dog is fueling them
up that's pretty
leaky is it just full do does it fill
really fast man James be watching this
like dude minus what are you doing man
okay well yeah it's got to be enough for
now sure let's see need you guys ready
safety glasses safety glass I'm using
later yeah you can't be trusted safety
glasses please
okay oh hey it is green okay we're going
to have to go in the bathroom though cuz
you're not going if we're in sunlight
here come on come on come on come on
come on check this out
woo okay legitimately kind of
cool ah she throws some heat
apparently these prongs up here can get
quite hot and you should not touch them
during extended periods of
operation ow evidently that wasn't
extended enough uh the bottom though is
supposedly insulated so it won't get hot
man these are these are kind of heavy
eh woo all right let's go try and burn
some stuff apparently the first thing
we're going to do sponsored by dbrand is
cooked popcorn what it's it's childproof
yeah I can't here I can open it
well move your hands man oh ow ow ow I
didn't move my hands
safety oh yeah look at that cracked her
open just like that any problem you
can't solve with fire is a boring
problem don't
bother man I burnt myself already whoa
whoa whoa health and safety oh yeah this
I no I definitely do need these for this
where' the oil go de bread didn't send
oil they didn't send oil we we didn't
get you can't you can't make popcorn
without the
oil this is not going to
work yeah you need the oil
man I do have Jiffy Pop yeah let's go
with Jiffy Pop this is not my fault I
knew we needed oil don't don't blame me
for our stupidity here what's the
temperature the flame reaches
1400° it goes between, 1400° C or 2600
de F
uh-oh I see oil leaking through the
bottom oh yeah
oh yeah that's hazardous for sure um but
okay check out dbrand www.short lin.com
they've got high quality skins they've
got phone cases they' got skins for game
controllers laptops phones all that good
stuff I don't think this is working it's
not supposed to smell like that is it no
I I don't think it's supposed to sound
like that either I've never made Jiffy
Pop before we supposed to take the to
open gently lift the tab and pull along
the dotted line are you supposed to have
the paper top on while you cook it there
we go okay that's better does it not
will it not pop if you have the paper
thing on top or what it wouldn't expand
but it should pop yeah you'd think
something would have popped by now you
know oh it's on fire is it I think so I
saw some flames on this far side yeah oh
yeah look at that it is on fire I mean I
don't about you guys but I'm feeling
pretty appetiz right now smells
delicious well let's see how we did oh
yeah we made our way through the bottom
there so that might be part of the
problem yo Belle yo you got another
Jiffy Pop do we have another one no that
we we bought one Jiffy Pop business team
am I right all the oil leaked out yeah
we do have other food oh we got other
food all right let's make some other
food well surely we couldn't screw up
roasting a maple flavor marshmallow wow
that's the most July 1 thing I think
I've ever seen yeah tremendous
okay surely I couldn't screww this up oh
yeah baby wow she really throws doesn't
she you know what as far as hacksmith
themed novelty lighters go this is my
favorite one so far don't you dare buddy
don't you dare damn it I have never
tried a maple flavored marshmallow
before
yeah it's not better God I love
marshmallows like an actual child when
it comes to
it comes to wiener too unfortunately
pory Bon what I like she always has to
buy me wieners yeah what dude I'm hungry
you guys caught me before lunchtime you
didn't think I was actually going to be
making and eating food you got to make
three you look at stand here yeah this
thing's
tiny who look at her go oh jeez okay
yeah I I don't I'm not convinced that
the flame adjustment dial does that much
appetizing uh yeah look at those grill
marks oh yeah is
that uh we're
good I better not get a copyright strike
for that ice cream truck I think it's
dudl is what I don't oh yeah okay well
which half do you want then I'm not that
pole is going to be hot I can't eat off
that that's health and safety
yum it's
warm it's thoroughly here get have the
other
one by the way the pack was
$150 yes it was it's a very unpleasant
temperature it's
like body temperature you know
mechanically separated chicken that's
fine robot separated the chicken
next up we've got what happens if my
grade six film Project had a slightly
higher budget I will be
dueling grou he doesn't get a lightsaber
your robe sir oh thanks what is what is
this this isn't a Sith robe this is some
Halloween costume this is a Grim Reaper
costume you can't fool me Execute Order
[Applause]
a so at $85 is it the most affordable
novelty lighter
no is it fun yeah yeah I think so oh for
those wondering by the way I will
serious in the intro I I I do daily
drive one of the OG ones these daily for
my bath I light my candles I don't
normally fight um baby
Jedi oh that's unfortunate but he's not
done burning he's not dead yet he's
going to I mean you saw what mole came
back from and somehow grou returned
thanks for watching subscribe to Short
Circuit normally it's not like this I
promise it's like Tech products